---
layout:    post
title:     New Year&#39;s Eve 2014 Draft
excerpt:   Looking at the drafts feature, it does not make sense for me.
date:      2013-12-31 20:33:13
published: true
category:  jekyll
tags:      jekyll
---

[Drafts][drafts] are another thing that is supported by Jekyll. I am writing a draft now in such a way as to take advantage of a Front Matter feature (published: true | false). I had hoped the actual drafts feature provided by Jekyll might be more useful and when I originally drafted this piece, I had not yet looked into it.

This post is being written as a draft using the original method I begun using, simple Front Matter as explained. It struck me as fitting to write about drafts for a post destined to go out on New Year&#39;s Eve. I wanted to learn it by then and before hand, which is now, it does not look like anything better suited to my workflow.

I can see the drafts feature, essentially publishing to a _drafts folder and running the server to preview your draft content, as somthing I may do in the near future. I may even test this before the year is out and this post goes live. I am more a hotfix girl. I do not typically fear seein gmy content published half-baked. I can always edit!

Okay. I do this a lot. I write about why I will not do this or that, then I go do it. I started using drafts lol. I created the _drafts folder, I went ahead and moved the project where I can serve it from the beginsmarter.com domain and installed the required gems (jekyll, json, yaml and all that). I use Jekyll serve options. Boom!

I will say that it is probably a little more inconvenient than simply flipping the published: ( true | false ) switch in the Ftont Matter. You have to move a file between folders which can have overwrite side effects that may interfere with versioning or worse. Regularly using Jekyll serve in exchange for that is obviously great. Happy New Year in advance!

[drafts]: http://jekyllrb.com/docs/drafts/
