---
layout:    post
title:     Wordpress Plugins
excerpt:   This is a post from TransH4ck @DevBootcamp
date:      2014-03-28 19:04:20
published: true
category:  github
tags:      github
---

Starting the night with Trans4Hack @Devbootcamp #Chicago. We are just gathering for the evening beforehand, although I imagine there will be some talk as TransGeek is a film in progress. I signed a release and may make occasional appearances. People are allowed to opt out so as not to be outted IRL. I met the founder, and Aaron is here - yay!  found out because of a new job that Coraline was meant to be here is actually in Salt Lake city presumably there to talk shop. Instructure?

The founder is talking about this being the third one. GitHub is one of the sponsors, and all our hacking is going to be open source. We will start with GitHub tutorial. We have GitHub presence here (Scottish) to actually walk us through. He is talking through the versioning of what GitHub is by way of explanation. Pitching GitHub which is the platform of popularity and a solid recommendation besides. Like fish in a barrel. Here we go repos, yay!

It is very rad that a film is being made, let alone one called TransGeek. Nice! Aw what the hell, I might as well try show up for Chicago, in a way. I start a major project on Monday and I have weekend projects that I have to do as well. All that means a busy weekend but if I can be of use here at TransH4ck then I should definitely add to the effort what I can. With Aaron hanging around but only before he flies off to Paris, then it is the least I can do to lend a hand.

We are starting to go around the room introducing ourselves, the group is big enough this will take some measure of time. Everyone is also pitching app ideas, so that things will take a little longer. As per trans issue groups, we are announcing our preferred pronouns because we are sometime a bit dis-ambiguous. It is also Fox graduation day, so there is at least one Fox here to mentor a bit, a friend I recognize from last year.
